mpsl: fem: add support for nrf21540_gpio for nrf54l (#20273)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/app_dev/device_guides/fem/fem_nrf21540_gpio.rst

      };

   The pins defined in the GPIO forwarder node in the application core's devicetree file must match the pins defined in the FEM nodes in the network core's devicetree file.

#. On nRF54L devices, the GPIO pins of the SoC selected to control ``tx-en-gpios``, ``rx-en-gpios`` and ``pdn-gpios`` must support GPIOTE.
   For example, on the nRF54L15 device, only pins belonging to GPIO P1 or GPIO P0 can be used and GPIO P2 pins cannot be used due to lack of related GPIOTE peripheral.
   It is recommended for mentioned purpose to use these GPIO pins that belong to the PERI Power Domain of the nRF54L device.
   For example, on the nRF54L15, these are pins belonging to GPIO P1.
   Using pins belonging to Low Power Domain (GPIO P0 on nRF54L15) is supported but requires more DPPI and PPIB channels of the SoC.

>    The nRF54L devices contain only 4 PPIB channels between PERI Power Domain and Low Power Domain.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   The nRF54L devices contain only four PPIB channels between PERI Power Domain and Low Power Domain.
```

Author: fixed

>    Due to this limitation only 2 out of 3 pins from group ``tx-en-gpios``, ``rx-en-gpios`` and ``pdn-gpios`` (for example, ``tx-en-gpios`` and ``rx-en-gpios``) can be controlled by GPIO P0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Due to this limitation, only two out of three pins from group ``tx-en-gpios``, ``rx-en-gpios`` and ``pdn-gpios`` (for example, ``tx-en-gpios`` and ``rx-en-gpios``) can be controlled by GPIO P0.
```

Author: fixed

      };

   The pins defined in the GPIO forwarder node in the application core's devicetree file must match the pins defined in the FEM nodes in the network core's devicetree file.

#. On nRF54L devices, the GPIO pins of the SoC selected to control ``tx-en-gpios``, ``rx-en-gpios`` and ``pdn-gpios`` must support GPIOTE.

>    For example, on the nRF54L15 device, only pins belonging to GPIO P1 or GPIO P0 can be used and GPIO P2 pins cannot be used due to lack of related GPIOTE peripheral.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   For example, on the nRF54L15 device, you can only use pins belonging to GPIO P1 or GPIO P0.
   You cannot use the GPIO P2 pins, because there is no related GPIOTE peripheral.
```

Author: fixed in df5396212ad429e6a139518bf499d78137e5a911

>    It is recommended for mentioned purpose to use these GPIO pins that belong to the PERI Power Domain of the nRF54L device.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   It is recommended to use the GPIO pins that belong to the PERI Power Domain of the nRF54L device.
```

Author: fixed in df5396212ad429e6a139518bf499d78137e5a911

   For example, on the nRF54L15, these are pins belonging to GPIO P1.
   Using pins belonging to Low Power Domain (GPIO P0 on nRF54L15) is supported but requires more DPPI and PPIB channels of the SoC.
   The nRF54L devices contain only four PPIB channels between PERI Power Domain and Low Power Domain.

>    Due to this limitation, only two out of three pins from group ``tx-en-gpios``, ``rx-en-gpios`` and ``pdn-gpios`` (for example, ``tx-en-gpios`` and ``rx-en-gpios``) can be controlled by GPIO P0.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   Due to this limitation, only two out of three pins from groups ``tx-en-gpios``, ``rx-en-gpios`` and ``pdn-gpios`` (for example, ``tx-en-gpios`` and ``rx-en-gpios``) can be controlled by GPIO P0.
```

Author: I think the `group` should still be a singular form. The three names `tx-en-gpios` `rx-en-gpios` `pdn-gpios` make _the group_.  The "gpios" suggesting plural part of name is irrelevant here. For example, the `tx-en-gpios` is one member of _the group_.

Reviewer 2: I stand corrected. My thinking was that each of those items was a group.

   The one remaining pin of the pin group (for example ``pdn-gpios``) must be controlled by other GPIO port.

>    To ensure proper timing set the ``tx-en-settle-time-us`` and ``rx-en-settle-time-us`` devicetree properties of the ``nrf_radio_fem`` node to the value ``12``.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   To ensure proper timing, set the ``tx-en-settle-time-us`` and ``rx-en-settle-time-us`` devicetree properties of the ``nrf_radio_fem`` node to the value ``12``.
```

Author: fixed in df5396212ad429e6a139518bf499d78137e5a911

>    You must also enable appropriate instances of ``DPPIC`` and ``PPIB`` peripherals in the devicetree file:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   You must also enable appropriate instances of the ``DPPIC`` and ``PPIB`` peripherals in the devicetree file:
```

Author: fixed in df5396212ad429e6a139518bf499d78137e5a911
